Dokka Gradle plugin doc update (#4354)
orangy/dokka: docs/topics/dokka-plugins.md

## Apply Dokka plugins

Dokka plugins are published as separate artifacts, so to apply a Dokka plugin, you only need to add it as a dependency. 

> From there, the plugin extends Dokka by itself—no further action is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, the plugin extends Dokka by itself – no further action is needed.
```

En dash instead of em dash, and we generally do use spaces around them.

to your project:

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Gradle Kotlin DSL" group-key="kotlin">

The way to apply Dokka plugins is:

```kotlin
plugins {
    id("org.jetbrains.dokka") version "%dokkaVersion%"
}

dependencies {
    dokkaPlugin("org.jetbrains.dokka:mathjax-plugin")
}
```

> > * Built-in plugins (like HTML and Javadoc) are always applied automatically. You only configure them and do not need dependencies for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Built-in plugins (like HTML and Javadoc) are always applied automatically. You only configure them and do not need to declare dependencies on them.
```

Dokka plugins can also have configuration options of their own. To see which options are available, consult
the documentation of the plugins you are using. 

Let's have a look at how you can configure the built-in HTML plugin by adding a custom image to the assets 
(`customAssets` option), 
custom style sheets (`customStyleSheets` option), and a modified footer message (`footerMessage` option):

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Gradle Kotlin DSL" group-key="kotlin">

To configure Dokka plugins in a type-safe way, use the `dokka.pluginsConfiguration {}` block:

```kotlin
dokka {
    pluginsConfiguration.html {
        customAssets.from("logo.png")
        customStyleSheets.from("styles.css")
        footerMessage.set("(c) Your Company")
    }
}
```

For an example of Dokka plugins configuration, see the
[Dokka's versioning plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/master/examples/gradle-v2/versioning-multimodule-example).

Dokka allows you 
to extend its functionality 
by [configuring custom plugins](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/blob/v2.1.0/examples/gradle-v2/custom-dokka-plugin-example/demo-library/build.gradle.kts).

> Custom plugins enable additional processing or modifications to the documentation generation process.

Reviewer: Not sure what is the difference between "additional processing" and "modifications to the generation process".

Maybe we can merge this into the previous sentence, like "Dokka allows you to extend its functionality and modify the documentation generation process by configuring custom plugins"?

| [MermaidJS HTML plugin](https://github.com/glureau/dokka-mermaid)                                                                  | Renders [MermaidJS](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/) diagrams and visualizations found in KDocs      |
| [Mathjax HTML plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/%dokkaVersion%/dokka-subprojects/plugin-mathjax)                        | Pretty prints mathematics found in KDocs                                                                     |
| [Kotlin as Java plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/%dokkaVersion%/dokka-subprojects/plugin-kotlin-as-java)               | Renders Kotlin signatures as seen from Java's perspective                                                    |
| [GFM plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/master/dokka-subprojects/plugin-gfm)                                                                                                                     | Adds the ability to generate documentation in GitHub Flavoured Markdown format                               |

> | [Jekyll plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/dokka/tree/master/dokka-subprojects/plugin-jekyll)                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Adds the ability to generate documentation in Jekyll Flavoured Markdown format                               |

Reviewer 2: Should we list the Markdown plugins if we're not going to support them?
